Add prereqs for project dependencies beta (#4139)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/collaborate/govern/project-dependencies.md

:::caution Closed Beta - dbt Cloud Enterprise
"Project" dependencies and cross-project `ref` are features of dbt Cloud Enterprise, currently in Closed Beta. To access these features while they are in beta, please contact your account team at dbt Labs.

**Prerequisites:** In order to add project dependencies and resolve cross-project `ref`, you must:
- Have the feature enabled (speak to your account team)

> - Be using dbt v1.6 in **both** the upstream ("producer") project and the downstream ("consumer") project

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use dbt v1.6 for **both** the upstream ("producer") project and the downstream ("consumer") project.
- ```

> - Have a deployment env in the upstream ("producer") project [that is set to be your production environment](docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment-beta)

Reviewer: add / to prevent broken link

```suggestion
- Have a deployment environment in the upstream ("producer") project [that is set to be your production environment](/docs/deploy/deploy-environments#set-as-production-environment-beta)
```

:::caution Closed Beta - dbt Cloud Enterprise
"Project" dependencies and cross-project `ref` are features of dbt Cloud Enterprise, currently in Closed Beta. To access these features while they are in beta, please contact your account team at dbt Labs.

**Prerequisites:** In order to add project dependencies and resolve cross-project `ref`, you must:
- Have the feature enabled (speak to your account team)
- Use dbt v1.6 for **both** the upstream ("producer") project and the downstream ("consumer") project.

> - ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
